# File Summary

In this section we will go through each level in the file structure and understand the purpose and different elements of each file.

Any file with the extension `.md` is a Markdown file, editable in Typora. Any other file types (excluding images) can be opened via a simple text editor such as Notepad or Sublime.

## tutors-starter

This is the higest level in the directory and contains the following noteworthy files:
  - **course.md**: This file is where the `course title` and `description` are specified. This is viewable in the top left of the screen while on the course homepage. This file also specifies the icon used alongside the `course title`.

  - **course.jpg**: If no icon is specified in `course.md`, this image will be used as the image in the top left of the course homepage. This image can be replaced by naming the new image `course` with either the `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.svg` file extensions

  - **properties.yaml**: This file specifies links to resources such as Zoom and Slack, allows each user to credit themself for the course creation, and specifies any folders to be hidden from view, alongside the corresponding key to enable hidden topics by entering the pin into the homepage of the course site.


## topic-**

This is one level into the file tree and contains the following noteworthy files:
  - **topic.md**: This file is where the `topic title` and `description` are specified. This is viewable in the the corresponding topic card on the course homepage. This file also specifies the icon used on the topic card.

  - **topic.jpg**: If no icon is specified in `topic.md`, this image will be used as the topic card image on the course homepage. This image can be replaced by naming the new image `topic` with either the `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.svg` file extensions.


## unit-*

Within each `topic-*` folder, should be unit folders which separate course content into defined sections. There is just one file of note in a `unit-*` folder:
  - **topic.md**: This file simply specifies the `Unit Heading`, no icons or descriptions should be defined here.


## archive

This folder can be located within a `book-*`, `unit-*`, or `topic-*` folder. If located within a `unit-*` or `topic-*` folder, the following files must be present within this folder:
  - **archive.md**: This file is where the `archive topic title` and `description` are specified. This is viewable in the the corresponding archive card. This file also specifies the icon used on the archive card.

  - **archive.jpg**: If no icon is specified in `archive.md`, this image will be used as the archive topic card image. This image can be replaced by naming the new image `archive` with either the `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.svg` file extensions.

  - **archive.zip**: This is an archived file which can be linked to and downloaded from the course site. You should replace this with your own `.zip`, `.rar`, or `.tar.gz` files.


## github-\*-template-* / web-*

These folders can be located within a `unit-*` or `topic-*` folder and contain the following files:
  - **github / web.md**: This file is where the `title` and `description` are specified for a GitHub / Web topic card. This is viewable in the the corresponding card in the chosen topic. This file also specifies the icon used on the GitHub / Web card.

  - **github / web.jpg**: If no icon is specified in `github / web.md`, this image will be used as the topic card image. This image can be replaced by naming the new image `github / web` with either the `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.svg` file extensions.

  - **githubid / weburl**: This file can be opened with Notepad and simply contains the URL to the GitHub repo / website of your choosing.

## book-*

Within each `unit-*` folder is both a `book-*` and `talk-*` folder, the `book-*` folder contains a series of lab steps. Each file represents a single lab step.

Lab file names dictate the lab step order, with the first step also dictating the breadcrumb output. This is demonstrated in the Lab File Names section below.

This folder also contains the `archives` and `img` folders. These are where any archive or image files relating to this lab must be stored.

## talk-*

This is on the same file structure level as the `book-*` folders and contains the following files:
  - **talk-1.md**: This file is where the `lecture title` and `description` are specified. This is viewable in the the corresponding lecture card within a chosen course. This file also specifies the icon used on the lecture card.

  - **talk-1.jpg**: If no icon is specified in `talk.md`, this image will be used as the lecture card image. This image can be replaced by naming the new image `talk-1` with either the `.jpg`, `.png`, or `.svg` file extensions.

  - **talk-1.pdf**: This file is the slide deck which will be viewable and downloadable, you can replace this with your own `.pdf` file.


The Deep Dive section of this documentation will detail editing these files using Markdown.